And thank you for coming.
Annual Chamber of Commerce Conference
This year has been a memorable one
This year is a special year
And today we will hold a general election for the Chamber of Commerce
I believe everyone is optimistic about the continued re-election of President Huang
It shouldn't make any sense
You don't even know that.
Well, our dear President Huang has been sick.
Got cirrhosis
I think President Huang is no longer suitable now
Continue to serve as president
My Master Huang's illness
How did the Xu family know?
That's impossible.
The old man's inspection and confidentiality work is very good
Except for me and my master
Even the nanny at home doesn't know
unless
Is it him?
Hey Secretary Chen
Xu Shao, what do you mean?
Secretary-General Chen
Be careful.
Uncommon face
I know the emperor will step down one day
later
Your advantage is indispensable.